roadmap/ideas.md, before:

### Ideas
- color scales
  - for **continuous** data the default should probably be some viridis color scale, but other options (diverging, bright to dark, dark to bright, custom) should be available
  - for **discrete** data there has to be the option to select that the data is discrete and a default and custom option to color them available
  - **binned continuous** data could either 
    - be simply integrated in the discrete option (bins are thus decided by the user with more effort)
    - or done by us with the choice of different binning algorithms (constant size, quantiles method, Fisher-Jenks, ...)
  - support for **bivariate scales**? (see https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/11/04/upshot/senate-maps.html for an example)
- different options of plots
  - simply plotting every data point
  - flat (non-3D) version of hexagon plot (3D plots have the caveat that big bars tend to _hide_ smaller ones, thus skewing the visualization)
  - heatmap / contour map
  - choropleth map
  - plotting lines (example: http://hint.fm/wind/)
  - locator maps (see examples at Datawrapper website: https://www.datawrapper.de/maps/)
  - (cartogram)
- does mapbox support different map projections?
  - list of projections: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_map_projections
- ideas for example showcase data
  - "Good Morning" Tweets: http://blog.blprnt.com/blog/blprnt/goodmorning
- ability for users to easily share public/private maps via a link or QR code

Commit message:

Add turbo rainbow colormap to ideas list

roadmap/ideas.md, after:

### Ideas
- color scales
  - for **continuous** data
    - default should a viridis color scale
    - Turbo rainbow color map: https://ai.googleblog.com/2019/08/turbo-improved-rainbow-colormap-for.html
    - support for custom colormap (simple non-perceptually continuous between two colors)
  - for **discrete** data there has to be the option to select that the data is discrete and a default and custom option to color them available
  - **binned continuous** data could either 
    - be simply integrated in the discrete option (with bins decided by the user)
    - or done by us with the choice of different binning algorithms (constant size, quantiles method, Fisher-Jenks, ...)
  - support for **bivariate scales**? (see https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/11/04/upshot/senate-maps.html for an example)
- different options of plots
  - simply plotting every data point
  - flat (non-3D) version of hexagon plot (3D plots have the caveat that big bars tend to _hide_ smaller ones, thus skewing the visualization)
  - heatmap / contour map
  - choropleth map
  - plotting lines (example: http://hint.fm/wind/)
  - locator maps (see examples at Datawrapper website: https://www.datawrapper.de/maps/)
  - (cartogram)
- does mapbox support different map projections?
  - list of projections: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_map_projections
- ideas for example showcase data
  - "Good Morning" Tweets: http://blog.blprnt.com/blog/blprnt/goodmorning
- ability for users to easily share public/private maps via a link or QR code
